hey guys my name is Dora and currently I
am hiding in my parents backyard in the
Midwest my life was not supposed to be
this way no just kidding
um in all seriousness thanks for coming
to my corner of the internet when I was
thinking about what I wanted this
YouTube channel to be about I realized I
only really know a lot about three
things and that's Facebook Ads marketing
and remote life I'm currently a director
of paid social that is bird I'm
currently a director of paid social at a
fully remote marketing agency and you
know when I was learning Facebook as a
number of years ago I was so frustrated
by the lack of resources that were
actionable and that also just showed you
what other people were doing I felt like
every time I searched YouTube or
searched Google I was just finding a lot
of these like gurus who were like a part
of this dropshipping tribe that really
wasn't applicable to me I was trying to
grow businesses you know not overnight
but in a way that was sustainable and in
a way that you know provided real growth
and not just like a Jairo as so at this
in this channel you're gonna learn a lot
about my tips and tricks that I've
learned along the way in Facebook Ads
but also a lot of what I've learned
about marketing over the last seven
years in the industry and yeah I
normally travel like full year-round
when it's not a pandemic and maybe I'll
start doing that again maybe I won't but
I want you guys to be along for the ride
and I also just want to show you that
you know another life is super possible
regardless of what your education is
I come from a creative writing
background which has helped me a lot in
Facebook ads but all the skills that
I've learned are things that are easily
teachable and things that I have taught
I have you know taught young marketers
over the years and things that I want to
teach her on my channel so thank you
thank you thank you for finding my weird
a strange corner of the internet so I
knew this is my first video but leave a
comment on this video if there's
something particularly you want me to do
a video about I'm gonna be releasing a
video every single day for the month of
June 2020 and then after that it's gonna
be slightly less regular but we don't
know what that schedule is gonna look
like so comment a question below about a
question you have about Facebook Ads a
question that you have about marketing
in general or you know anything about my
remote life which as I said is right now
in Ohio but I'm hopeful for the future
I'm curious about the future so thanks
again comment below hit subscribe that's
what all the kids are doing these guys
Thanks
so I'm now walking back to my parents
house from the backyard and I'm thinking
that I don't like that I just called you
all kids I don't want to get up on that
foot also I will never look this nice
again because I just happened to be
going out to dinner because as a remote
director of paid social and I never wear
makeup and I'm not gonna do it just
because I'm on YouTube